[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And we're going to talk
some real science today
with Dr. Paul Laviolette.
He's been the president of
the Starburst Foundation
since, well, 1984, where
he has conducted research
on physics, astronomy, geology,
climatology, and so much more.
And his book is called "Secrets
of Anti-Gravity Propulsion."
Paul, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>PAUL LAVIOLETTE: Glad
to be here, George.
>>NOORY: It's been a
long time since you
and I have talked,
since the radio days.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's good to see.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How is life?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Doing
OK, getting older.
>>NOORY: Well, the clock ticks
for all of us, doesn't it?
What would you say,
Paul, in your career,
because we're going to talk
a lot about science today--
but what has been, for you
personally, the highlight
of what you've done?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Sub-quantum
kinetics, the physics theory
that I've been developing.
It came out of sort of an
inspiration from beyond
and developed over the years.
And I think it's now considered
to be the leading theory
to replace physics
in the future.
>>NOORY: Really?
That's dramatic.
>>LAVIOLETTE: I mean, I don't
know of any other theory that's
made so many predictions and has
so much interest among people
who are interested in
alternative theories.
>>NOORY: Explain to
we non-physicists
what sub-quantum kinetics is.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, meaning
below the quantum level.
It postulates an ether,
which is an ancient concept.
And they used to believe
in it 100 years ago
till they went to
special relativity
and claimed that
there was no ether.
But so many experiments
have proven there is.
At least 10 of them, I
think, I cite in my book.
And there was one recent,
the Grusenick experiment.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>LAVIOLETTE: It's like the
Michelson-Morley experiment,
where they used
an interferometer
to look for an ether wind.
It was a key experiment
they did 100 years ago
to look for the ether,
if there was an ether.
And they didn't see any result.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>LAVIOLETTE: And that's why--
they didn't find it.
So they figured, well,
there is no ether maybe.
But then Grusenick,
all he did was
rotate the interferometer
90 degrees to the vertical.
And there he found
the ether wind.
It was coming down
into the earth.
>>NOORY: What is the ether wind?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, according
to sub-quantum kinetics,
it's geons.
I call them geons
going into Earth.
And that's what creates a
gravity field of the Earth,
because they are being
consumed and transformed
into other types of
sub-quantum particles.
Think of quarks.
This is below the quantum level.
So because there's
a deficit of geons,
they're flowing into the Earth.
And it creates a gradient,
a field sort of sloping down
towards the earth.
And that G gradient,
that ether gradient
is what creates a
gravitational force.
And we've simulated this
with computer simulations.
The equations that sub-quantum
kinetics is proposing,
we've simulated in the computer.
And we've shown particle-like
structures are affected
by the field gradients
and actually move,
just like we were saying.
>>NOORY: Paul, without
gravity, if it didn't exist,
what would happen, chaos?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well you
wouldn't get the stars forming
or planets forming.
The things wouldn't
keep together.
>>NOORY: We wouldn't
even be here.
>>LAVIOLETTE: It'd
just be dust floating
in the air without gravity.
>>NOORY: Well, the fact that
it exists tells you what?
Because the model of the
universe seems to have so much
order to it.
Everything seems to fit
like pieces of a puzzle.
To me, that's remarkable.
One would say, there's
a creator behind this.
How do you explain how all of
it works and it works so well?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, I
would differ on that.
What they do is they
ignore the difficulties
where there's contradictions.
And they block any efforts to
disprove the existing theories.
It's very difficult
to publish something
that is new, that shows
that old theories are wrong.
>>NOORY: Sure does.
>>LAVIOLETTE: So
physics-- there's
a whole lot of things
I would throw out.
And when I say throw it out,
I mean I found the errors.
And I'm not just giving opinion.
I found the flaws.
And it should be thrown
out, like black hole
theory, special relativity,
general relativity,
quantum mechanics.
>>NOORY: Would Einstein
and Hawking go crazy?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Probably.
And so many other things,
the wave-particle dualism,
a whole list of things I
would keep classical physics
like Newton's theories of
electrostatics and gravitation,
Maxwell's theories.
But the more advanced physics,
modern physics is wrong.
And in my book, I
explain the problems.
>>NOORY: Townsend Brown
is an aerospace engineer.
And he talks about the
tie-in between electricity
and gravity.
>> In the 1950s, as waves
of flying saucer sightings
occurred throughout the United
States and while an infant
space program was
trying to catch up with
the Russians' launch of
Sputnik, a man named T.
Townsend Brown was busy
on experiments that defied
conventional understanding
of electricity, gravitation,
and propulsion.
Along with doctors Paul
Bifield and Agnew Bunsen,
Brown took high voltage
to the next extreme.
In this rare home movie,
the earliest experiments
in electrogravitics
are recorded.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
By using high voltages, over
20,000 and up to 200,000 volts,
Brown discovered that
highly charged capacitors
would exhibit a noticeable
thrust in one direction.
Although awarded a patent for
his electrokinetic generator,
no one has ever reproduced
his experiment until recently.
Larry Davenport, shown
here demonstrating
his replication of Brown's
electrokinetic apparatus
explains.
>>LARRY DAVENPORT: When I first
began to read Brown's stuff,
I didn't quite understand the
difference between the ion wind
devices, which there's a
lot of them out there--
and some of them are very
efficient as far as producing
ion wind--
and his particular apparatus.
I finally decided to do
Brown's work in 1994.
I looked at his device.
I'd tried several different
things, and they hadn't worked.
And I thought, well,
Brown is supposed
to be the pioneer of this, or
the people that make the claims
and that get the patents,
they always refer to his name.
So I thought I'd go back
and I'll try to do this.
>>NOORY: How far ahead of
time was Townsend Brown?
Was he way ahead of his time?
>>LAVIOLETTE: He was
further than Einstein.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Oh, yeah.
In fact, Einstein
and Brown, I believe,
were working together, uh,
black project during the war
called the Philadelphia
Experiment.
>>NOORY: But there's much
more to that, isn't there?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Where they made a
ship disappear, not only radar
invisible but actually optical
invisible, it's claimed.
And I believe that Einstein
knew about Brown's work,
because Brown had done his
work on electrogravitics.
Already in '20s he
knew about this.
And after that, we
remember Einstein
trying to find a unification
between electricity
and gravitation, which
Brown had already
shown there was a
unification, that electricity
is affecting gravity.
And that's what electrogravitics
is, electricity effect
affecting gravity.
>>NOORY: Where
would you have put
Tesla in the middle of
this at the time Tesla?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Tesla, they say,
was part of the project also.
I discuss the Philadelphia
project in my book,
in "Secrets of
Anti-Gravity Propulsion."
Some of the work of Tesla
was applicable to this,
because they were using
pulses, I believe,
to create this effect.
>>NOORY: Well, you bring up the
Philadelphia Experiment, Paul.
And I have had guests
on "Coast to Coast"
over the years, a fellow by
the name of Al Bielek, Duncan
Cameron, who claimed that they
were part of the experiment.
And this is what they say.
And I just want to get
your reaction to it.
They say that
something went awry
with trying to cloak the ship
in the Philadelphia shipyard
and that it literally made
the soldiers and the Navy
people on the ship
disappear, or in some cases,
half of their body was in our
plane, the other half was gone.
Do you think that's true?
Was that real?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes,
I believe, because--
>>NOORY: My god!
>>LAVIOLETTE: I
can understand how
that happened in the context
of sub-quantum kinetics.
In physics, it's
a total mystery,
and nobody believes it.
But in sub-quantum
kinetics, if you
can change the gravity potential
by pulsing with electric pulses
and raise the potential--
so we're in a gravity well.
If you can create
a gravity hill,
things will disappear optically,
because what will happen
is, the subatomic particle has
a wave pattern around it that
stops light from going through.
That's why light doesn't
go through solid matter,
except maybe glass.
Those would disappear
first before the cores
would disappear.
So the particles
would still be there.
But now light could
actually go through.
And it would look
like it's invisible.
And also people
could blend with--
put your arm through.
But then you put the
gravity potential
back down to create
normal gravity,
and everything will come back.
And if you had your arm in
a wall, you're stuck there.
You can't get out.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
So this might have happened.
>>LAVIOLETTE: I believe it did.
And I believe, because of
that, they kept it so secret.
They even changed--
the Navy changed
Brown's date of
departure from the Navy
so it looked like he left before
the Philadelphia Experiment.
They were trying to--
>>NOORY: Mask it.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Mask him, yeah.
>>NOORY: What is
Project Winterhaven?
>>LAVIOLETTE: That was a project
that Brown proposed to the Navy
to develop a disk craft
that would have Mach 3
capabilities, which was faster
than anything they had back
then.
>>NOORY: Like flying saucers?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
Using his electrogravitics,
electrokinetics technology.
And in the report, it's an
interesting thing in there.
Brown is saying that he had
been prevented from discussing
his work in publications.
So here's Einstein
publishing freely.
>>NOORY: Oh, like crazy, yeah.
>>LAVIOLETTE: And Brown
isn't allowed to publish.
In fact, after '59, the
whole field went dark.
Well, the aircraft
industry was not
allowed to speak to
the media any longer
about the research
they were doing.
And none of us knew about this.
I mean, it was known
back in the early '50s
that there was electrogravitics
research going on.
It wasn't secret.
It was in magazines like
"Product Engineering."
>>NOORY: "Popular Mechanics?"
>>LAVIOLETTE: Things like that.
And then people forgot
about it, because it
wasn't discussed anymore.
>>NOORY: Right.
Out of sight, out of mind.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Right.
>>NOORY: Do you think those
projects are continuing today?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Definitely.
For example, Brown's
technology, this disk proposal,
the Winterhaven proposal ended
up turning into the B2 bomber.
>>NOORY: Since
you bring that up,
let's look at the B2 bomber.
>> In the history of aviation,
there has never been a plane
more groundbreaking than
the B2 stealth bomber.
Capable of flying anywhere
in the world undetected,
the B2 can arrive
over its target,
release precision munitions,
and escape confident in the fact
that the bombs will
hit their targets
and that the plane will
return home safely.
Revolutionary in design
and capability, the B2
represents the culmination of
many disciplines and sciences,
from aeronautics to
stealth to bombing itself.
It also has a
distinction unshared
by any conventional aircraft.
For the entirety of
its service life,
the B2 has never been
detected, targeted, or engaged.
>>NOORY: Is that still
an action, the B2 bomber?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: And I bet they've
perfected it even more.
>>LAVIOLETTE: I
wouldn't be surprised.
I don't know if they call
it the B2 any longer.
The perfected version might
be named something else.
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>LAVIOLETTE: They
don't' talk about it.
>>NOORY: God, the
technology that we
possess, Paul, is beyond
what anybody would imagine,
isn't that?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
Here, we're using it.
We acknowledge the B2.
But the propulsion
system is secret.
And they even say
that the secret thing
is the radar invisibility.
But that's to get you away from
thinking about the propulsion
system.
It's really the
propulsion system
that's so highly classified.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the propulsion system is?
>>LAVIOLETTE: It was leaked by
some black project scientists
and published in "Aviation
Week" and "Space Technology"
back around '92 that the
B2 charges the leading edge
of its wing to high voltage.
And the opposite charge
they dump in the exhaust.
And so they're creating
this huge field gradient
across the craft.
So that was the main
thing they leaked.
And based on that, and knowing
Brown's patents that he
published back in the '50s--
and he was proposing this.
That wasn't suppressed at all.
It was exactly the idea.
He showed charging the
leading edge of the craft
and using a flame
jet generator-- that
was the other thing that the
fellow mentioned, that they
generate the high voltage
difference in the jet engine
itself using a
flame jet generator.
Townsend Brown developed that.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>LAVIOLETTE: He was the
guy who developed that.
>>NOORY: How far ahead are
we from the other countries,
China, Russia, with
this kind of technology?
Or have they caught up with us?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I think China has
bases in space, just like we do
and the Russians do.
And they're developing
advanced propulsion.
It's just, they're very
good at keeping secrets.
>>NOORY: Better than we are?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Right.
They have a law now that
if anybody falsifies
scientific data, they have the
death sentence for that person.
>>NOORY: God.
And here, what would
happen in the United States
for that, nothing?
Probably a hand slap?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Maybe
embarrassed by a publication.
That's about it.
>>NOORY: Paul, when
you talk about bases,
where might they be?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, I
believe outside Earth orbit
there are bases.
>>NOORY: Like space stations
or on the moon or something
like that.
>>LAVIOLETTE: It could be bases
on planets, like Mars, Ceres.
We sent a probe out to
Ceres a few years ago.
And they were shooting
back pictures.
And you saw what looked
like white areas that
looked just like they could
have been cities down there.
>>NOORY: Yeah, reflected.
>>LAVIOLETTE: And I published
about this on the internet.
And I show pictures that we've
taken of Ceres from the air,
from satellites, from
the space station
and compare with what
they're seeing there.
And a very, very
close resemblance.
Now, why is it that when
they got very close,
they didn't send
any more pictures?
>>NOORY: They stopped.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Right.
Right when we were hoping
we'd get close enough
to see something.
And then they didn't
send anything more.
>>NOORY: Possibilities of this
then you think are very high?
>>LAVIOLETTE: From
what I know and a lot
of things which we probably
won't have time to discuss,
I am very certain.
>>NOORY: What about
continuing to send astronauts
and flying them into space?
We think that since we stopped
the space shuttle program,
we've stopped all of that.
I'm not so sure we have.
>>LAVIOLETTE: No We
continue to travel.
There's regular
sightings near Area 51.
Even out in the Los
Angeles area people
have seen UFOs, secret bases.
I heard a story from a friend
of mine that he was hang gliding
or his friends
were hang gliding.
And they had to come down
in a mountainous area
between the shore and some
mountains right north of LA.
It wasn't way out in nowhere.
And there was a landing
strip they found.
Because they were
losing altitude,
they had to land somewhere
in the mountains.
And they found a landing strip.
They get down.
And suddenly, they're surrounded
with people with guns.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>LAVIOLETTE: At the
end of the landing
strip was a disk
hovering inside a tent.
And they were told they're not
supposed to say this to anyone.
So this is obviously one
of ours, it seems to me.
>>NOORY: It's not E.T.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
A chance encounter,
and they see a disk.
What's the chance of that?
>>NOORY: What are the odds?
What are the odds?
They say it takes
us up to six months
to travel from Earth to Mars
on any given time period.
>>LAVIOLETTE: I
think nine months.
>>NOORY: Or nine months as well.
But through Townsend's
work, could we
have gotten there quicker?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
In my book, I talk about
going to Mars in five days.
>>NOORY: Five days?
>>LAVIOLETTE: We
could go quicker.
I didn't want to make it
sound too unbelievable.
>>NOORY: Five days is
kind of unbelievable.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Using
Townsend Brown's thrusters,
his electrokinetic thrusters.
>>NOORY: Whoa!
>>LAVIOLETTE: His
umbrella-like device, it
has a big positive electrode
and a small negative.
And he's got a insulator in
between, like barium titanate.
He's found that these produce
70,000 Newtons per kilowatt.
That's 5,000 times more thrust
per energy input than a jet
engine, about 300,000 times
more than a space shuttle
main engine.
So it means they're getting,
let's say, 300,000 times
more thrust for the
amount of energy,
whether it's chemical energy
or electrical or whatever,
than we get with our
commercial versions.
So with this and an
array of thrusters,
you can picture a ship,
about like the space shuttle,
100-ton craft, with a
series of these thrusters,
like an array of
thrusters stacked up maybe
my five deep and five by five.
You could go up to--
what was I saying?
20% G and get there in five
days-- you'd go half the way.
You accelerate to
your top speed.
And then you decelerate.
Because we're going-- they're
talking about ion thrusters,
plucking away at a
horse and buggy speed.
>>NOORY: Is this all part of
the secret space program what
you're talking about now?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I don't
know if they use exactly
this particular technology.
They could.
They have probably
have things better.
But I'm just giving
you an example
from what we know that I
reverse engineered my book.
This is possible.
Give me $50 million,
and I'll build you this.
>>NOORY: You'll build it.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Maybe it'll
probably cost a little more.
But I'm confident
we could make this.
>>NOORY: This is
amazing technology
to be able to get to Mars
in five days or less.
What would the craft
have to look like?
>>LAVIOLETTE: It would
look like the space shuttle
with some gadget to hold
all these propulsion
devices behind.
And it could be powered on
an array of solar cells.
So you'd be going
away from the sun.
You'd have your solar cell
array, maybe 5 by 5 meters.
You only need, what was it?
A few kilowatts of power,
3 kilowatts or something.
>>NOORY: Could you use
that to launch as well?
>>LAVIOLETTE: No.
This is for a craft that's
already assembled in space.
To get up there, you need
to there probably use
a different craft to get up
there than what you go to Mars.
>>NOORY: Well, we wouldn't
need a Saturn V rocket.
>>LAVIOLETTE: No, you
wouldn't use rockets.
You'd use these thrusters,
because you can get
over a G of thrust very easily.
>>NOORY: Is it silent
or does it make noise?
>>LAVIOLETTE: It would have
a hum to it, because you're
pulsing at DC pulses.
And the way this works, if I
could explain very easily--
>>NOORY: Please.
>>LAVIOLETTE: There's two
possible explanations.
One is this is a bigger
electrode on the top
and smaller on the bottom.
So the charge is
very concentrated
on the bottom electrode.
They both have the same charge.
But it's more concentrated
in the bottom.
And this is giving off a
the positive charge up here
and a negative down here.
And the negative ions
go away from the craft.
And they exert a force
on the negative pole.
>>NOORY: Which pushes you up.
>>LAVIOLETTE: But because
it's so concentrated,
it's going to get
a lot of force,
whereas up here, the positive
charges are exerting--
it's very spread out, so
it's a very weak field,
the total field.
So it's an unbalanced
force, and it lifts.
And Brown has shown
he's able to lift
the whole weight of a saucer
with 10% extra weight.
He was able to get
these things to go up.
>>NOORY: Do you think
if we're being visited,
Paul, by
extraterrestrials, they're
using propulsion like
this to get here,
or have they learned how
to bend space and time?
>>LAVIOLETTE: First of all,
I wouldn't say space and time
bending.
That's an Einsteinian concept
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>LAVIOLETTE: There's
better concepts now.
You have to accept the ether.
We're talking about ether
gradients not warping of space
to create forces.
They probably have a lot
of various technologies.
There's a lot of ways to
skin the cat in this field.
The problem is that
all of them are not
believed by physicists, because
physics is a primitive science.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>LAVIOLETTE: It doesn't
explain this stuff.
Sub-quantum kinetics does.
This is the one science that's
able to explain free energy
machines and these advanced
propulsion technologies that
physics can't.
So I believe that the first
place sub-quantum kinetics will
be used is in aerospace.
>>NOORY: I agree with that.
>>LAVIOLETTE: You
need a theory to be
able to know what's happening,
to interpret experiments,
and design something that works.
With physics you're at a loss.
You're blindfolded.
>>NOORY: You
mentioned wormholes.
And you had a change
in thought about that.
>>LAVIOLETTE:
Sub-quantum kinetics
doesn't allow wormholes.
>>NOORY: And they don't
exist in your world?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Hmm?
>>NOORY: They don't
exist in your world?
>>LAVIOLETTE:
Right, don't exist.
>>NOORY: What is
Hawking talking about?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Blowing hot air.
>>NOORY: [GUFFAWS]
>>LAVIOLETTE: Now,
originally, if you remember,
Hawking was saying
no light escapes.
>>NOORY: No light escapes.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Then he changed
his story just a few years ago
and said, well, maybe
some light can get out.
So it's not a black hole.
Well, I've been saying for
years that those stars--
they're stars, they're
not black holes.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>LAVIOLETTE: The reason
is they can't collapse.
Physicists think they collapse,
because the fuel burns out
in the star and nothing to
support it, so it collapses.
The truth is that there's
what's called genic energy.
Every star is generating
energy in its interior.
And it's not due
to nuclear energy.
It's free energy.
>>NOORY: Free energy.
And what do you
mean by free energy?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Free energy, OK.
>>NOORY: To be free energy means
we don't have to pay for it?
>>LAVIOLETTE: OK, so first of
all, in sub-quantum kinetics,
the universe is not
a closed system.
A closed system is like
everything is in a box.
And that's the way it
physicists view it.
Everything's in
the box, so energy
has to be perfectly conserved.
It means you can't increase or
decrease the amount of energy.
In an open system,
you can actually
create a whole universe
just by itself,
because it's an open system.
It's getting the energy
it needs from beyond,
so to speak, from
another dimension
you can think of it, in
this case, from the ether.
I believe our sense of
time, the flow of time
comes from the fact that ether
is continually transmuting.
It's like we're in a
river, an etheric river.
And it's the same
idea, the ancient idea.
I have written about this in my
book "Genesis of the Cosmos."
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>LAVIOLETTE: The ancients had
this science thousands of years
ago.
And they encoded it in certain
creation myths, symbolically.
And the idea of the Qi, that's
an ether that transmutes.
The idea of yin
and yang, these are
very close to these concepts.
So they had this.
I'm very sure they had
this science in the past.
>>NOORY: Some
people, Paul, believe
that Nikola Tesla created
and invented free energy.
>> In the 19th century, Tesla
hypothesized that electrical
power could be generated
using the natural resources
of the Sun and Earth.
Tesla understood that by
harnessing the planet's
natural energy, it could be
provided to the whole world's
population for free.
Tesla had already
demonstrated that power
could be transferred wirelessly
to the American Institute
of Electrical Engineers.
Using two metal sheets and
his Tesla coil oscillator,
he lit up two glass discharge
tubes without wires.
Now he wanted to implement
the theory on a grand scale.
In 1901, construction began
on the Wardenclyffe Tower
in Shoreham, New York.
Atop the 57-meter tall
tower was a 55-ton dome
of conductive metal.
Beneath it, an iron root system
penetrated more than 300 feet
into the Earth's crust.
Tesla believed the tower would
harness the Earth's energy
and transmit it
into the atmosphere.
Tesla envisaged a global network
of these high-voltage towers
which would provide
cost-free wireless
electricity to the masses.
Homes, businesses,
and even ships
could draw power from
the electrical currents
the towers provided.
The development of wireless
trans-Atlantic telegraphs
in 1901 and successful
signal testing on the tower
was promising for the
development of free energy.
The tower was funded
by J.P. Morgan.
He gave Tesla $150,000 in return
for 51% control of the patents.
But to Tesla's shock,
construction on the tower
was abandoned in 1905.
J.P. Morgan had
withdrawn his support.
Why would Morgan back
out just as Tesla
appeared to be on the verge of
a technological breakthrough?
By the turn of the
century, Morgan
had become one of
the most powerful men
in the world controlling the
US electrical and railroad
industries and with an estimated
net worth of $68.3 million.
Morgan initially financed
Tesla's wireless tower,
believing it was designed
to send communications
across the Atlantic.
But the tower's
true purpose would
have threatened the very
industry in which Morgan had
built his fortune, fossil fuel.
>>NOORY: Tesla was onto
something, wasn't he?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
I believe he was
creating more energy
than he was putting in through
those pulses he was creating.
>>NOORY: And I think someone
like J.P. Morgan Chase
realized, I'm not going to make
any money off of this, right?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah,
from his point of view.
But it were completely
transformed our world.
>>NOORY: It's pretty dramatic,
the things that have happened.
And we just seem
to have stopped it.
But you think they're
still ongoing,
don't you, Tesla's work,
all this other stuff?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
This black project scientist
who talked about the B2,
I had a conversation with him.
I got his phone number
through the magazine.
He said that declassified
work in black projects,
they rely heavily on
Tesla's work and Brown's.
>>NOORY: Both of them?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Brown must have
been a genius at his time?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
Brown would have been
the big physics genius
if he had been allowed
to publish his work
and if they'd talked about it.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
They were pushing
Einstein and not him.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, they
wanted to push Einstein,
because with Einstein's theory,
you think that all of this
is impossible, because
it's not possible.
He is not able to bend
gravity with electricity.
Only Brown could create
gravitational force
with electricity.
But his theory, he
claimed warping space.
You can't do it
with electricity.
>>NOORY: If you had a chance to
talk to Townsend Brown, had he
been here still, what
would you have asked him?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I suppose
more details on his work.
Like, there was one
photocopy of a paper
from when he was working later
on in the '50s at a company
that we got a lot of
interesting information
about his experiments, lifting
devices off the ground.
And there must be so
much more that they don't
allow to go out that Brown did.
But I would have asked
him more about his work.
>>NOORY: Could these
applications of propulsion,
Paul, be used for airlines?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Can we one day
be flying from Los Angeles
to New York in 30 minutes?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Right, you could.
Not only would the B2
bomber propulsion systems,
similar to the B2 bomber
create a driving force
that could go many times
the speed of sound,
but it reduces the air
drag, because in the front,
you're charging the
leading edge of the wing.
So it repels the
air from the craft.
So the air sort of
slides around it.
And it sort of slips
through the air
with very little resistance.
>>NOORY: Well, that
would be dramatic.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
What a great flight.
You could cut,
dramatically, fuel bills.
Let's say you ran
it on gasoline.
You could probably do it
on 10% of what you use now.
And that's a big
cost in air travel.
>>NOORY: How about cars?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah,
you could add this.
I know one guy.
He's thinking of
entering a race.
He put it on a car.
>>NOORY: That would be exciting.
>>LAVIOLETTE: You could
really break the records.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
The salt flats would
look like nothing.
Paul, tell us about
Eugene Podkletnov.
He investigated gravity?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
He had sort of like a laser.
But he'd send a
pulse down through
a superconducting
piece, a cylinder.
And it would create a
wave, an electric charge
wave that would go down and
hit an electrode, an anode.
And then he found that even
though the electrons stopped,
the gravity wave continued.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>LAVIOLETTE: And it was
collimated just like a laser,
because he had
magnetic confinement.
So it sort of confined it.
And he actually would
knock over books
at two miles away with this.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
And that was his low-power unit.
Then he developed a
higher-power unit which is now
in a secure facility in Moscow.
And with that, they put a 4-inch
hole through a concrete block
and was able to dent a
1-inch thick steel plate.
>>NOORY: Dent it?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Dent it.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
>>LAVIOLETTE: In my book, I
talk about with this technology,
you could go super-luminal
speeds to, let's say,
Alpha Centauri.
If you had thrusters, Podkletnov
thrusters pushing you.
And you could go to 200c.
But you wouldn't feel
any inertial effects.
>>NOORY: You wouldn't
have any G effects?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah,
because it's gravity waves.
>>NOORY: Could we get up to
the speed of light with this?
>>LAVIOLETTE: You could go--
I was suggesting, for
the first few months,
you'd go up to 80% of speed of
light with Brown's thrusters
which are very efficient.
Then you'd turn on your
Podkletnov thrusters
to go lightspeed, so I
speak, to use some terms
from science fiction.
You would end up
going up to 200c,
200 times the speed of light
when you're halfway there.
Then you turn your craft around,
and you start decelerating back
to normal speed.
So the whole thing could
be done in a couple months.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
We've got some video of this
incredible Russian genius.
>>EUGENE PODKLETNOV: If we speak
about new propulsion systems,
definitely these gravity
effects can be used.
And even at present, the
knowledge that we have,
if applied properly, can result
in very efficient propulsion
systems close to
what we call UFOs.
Well, in fact, I want to
believe that they exist.
And I have nothing against.
I have never seen
one in my life.
But from the experience
that we have,
it's possible to
make the objects that
will propagate in space using
modification of local gravity
field, using
polarization of vacuum.
There are a lot of good
theoretical works in this field
and also a lot of
practical works.
But somehow this is
a forbidden area,
maybe because there are
some traditions in physics,
some contradictions.
Also military organizations
are always interested in this.
And simply, if we speak
about anti-gravity platforms
or lifters or
whatever it is, people
say there are some
contradictions
with physical laws.
>>NOORY: Paul, is
he still alive?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Oh, yeah.
I spoke to him
about a month ago.
>>NOORY: Is he still
doing dramatic things?
>>LAVIOLETTE: He's working
more on his device that
spins, a superconducting
spinning disk that reduces
gravity for a things above it.
>>NOORY: Where is he?
Is he in Russia?
>>LAVIOLETTE: In Finland,
he lives in Finland.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>LAVIOLETTE: I was
interested to use his impulse
beam to communicate,
send a message
to an extraterrestrial
communication beacon that is
sending us a message currently.
I discuss this in my
other book, "Decoding
the Message of the Pulsars,"
that we are being sent messages
right now.
>>NOORY: But we're not
decoding them, are we?
>>LAVIOLETTE: SETI
hasn't done anything,
because they've been looking
for frequencies, regular radio
stations.
And these aren't.
They're pulses coming from--
>>NOORY: Have you
talked to SETI?
I know Seth Shostak would--
do they listen to you?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I
spoke with Shostak.
I had written my book.
I was willing to
send him a free copy.
And he didn't want to see it.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
He knows better than that.
>>LAVIOLETTE: He required
me to publish first
before he would even look.
I consider that
extremely arrogant.
I did publish finally.
Two years ago, I did publish
on this in a technical journal.
OK, so it's now published.
I haven't been
contacted by SETI.
>>NOORY: It's very
possible that if they
started listening
to you, we could be
communicating with an ET race.
>>LAVIOLETTE: It's
very important,
because they're informing
us about a wave of particles
that are coming towards
us this very minute.
And we're overdue
for the arrival.
It's called the superwave.
>>NOORY: Now, what
happens when that hits?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Biblical
Apocalypse, basically.
>>NOORY: No.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Paul,
are you telling me
that we're on the
verge of an apocalypse?
>>LAVIOLETTE: It's not
certain, because these waves
can have different intensities.
I believe there was
one 700 years ago that
may have lasted a day.
And they see it in
the ice core record.
For example, it affected
the weather, crops.
But if it's a very intense
one, it can last 1,000 years.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>LAVIOLETTE:
Continually bombarding
the Earth and particles coming
into our magnetic field,
reducing the magnetic field of
the Earth, because when you get
particles in the
radiation belts,
they exert a magnetic
field opposed to the Earth.
So the field is
going to decrease.
And it could reverse,
just like what
happened during the
Neanderthal extinction.
>>NOORY: Is anybody
listening to you?
When you talk about these
incredible things-- and I
don't mean on a program like
this or "Coast to Coast."
But I mean are scientists
listening to you?
>>LAVIOLETTE: You get
very little feedback.
But I am continually
contacted by investigators.
But you're talking about
the traditional ones
in the universities?
>>NOORY:
>>PAUL LAVIOLETTE:
Yeah, who would say,
this guy's onto something.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Some
of them, yeah.
In fact, in the
military, there's
people there that
are very excited
about sub-quantum
kinetics and my book,
"Secrets of Anti-Gravity
Propulsion."
And I hope this will
lead to something.
And universities, I've been
in contact with a few here.
They're afraid, I think,
to investigate anything
that deals with either.
>>NOORY: Well, they don't want
to rock the apple cart either.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
They're afraid they
might lose their--
>>NOORY: Status?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Their status as
a university or their whatever.
>>NOORY: Well, what you do
talk about is pretty dramatic.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah,
I've sort of cut my ties
with the standard theories.
And I've continued.
And I'm in a different reality.
I view the world differently.
And it's very beautiful.
I would like other people to
learn sub-quantum kinetics,
at least read.
"Beyond the Big Bang" was
the first title in the book,
and then it change to
"Genesis of Cosmos"
in the second printing.
But it's so beautiful.
And it's going to
change the world.
We're going to have free energy.
>>NOORY: Overnight.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
This should be taught
in every school.
And the concepts are not hard.
They're much simpler
than physics.
>>NOORY: What would
the first thing
be if you had an opportunity
to have that audience who
could create change?
What would you tell them?
>>LAVIOLETTE: If it's
possible to wave a wand,
have sub-quantum kinetics
taught in every university
and general system
theory, because it's
an application of general
systems theory to physics.
I was the first to do that.
>>NOORY: It's the
next evolution?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
Systems theory had been applied
to business, for example.
It completely changed
business organization theory
for the better.
It's been applied to sociology,
psychiatry, you name it.
And nobody had
tried micro-physics.
And I just happened to
be the one to do that.
And the result is sub-quantum
kinetics when you do that.
>>NOORY: With these
engines for airplanes,
for example, would they last?
Would we have to worry
about a mechanical failure
or anything like that?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I think they
would be safer than regular,
because you're not dealing with
birds flying into your engines.
>>NOORY: That happened to
me yesterday, by the way.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Really?
>>NOORY: From Los
Angeles, the flight
was delayed, because
the incoming plane got
hit by a bird.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
And there was a crash
recently they got hit
by two birds in each engine.
And they had to land.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
Well, that would be dramatic,
that kind of technology.
And do we have the capability
right now of developing these?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: We could do it?
>>LAVIOLETTE: We could
do this immediately.
>>NOORY: Make the engines?
>>LAVIOLETTE: This
is old technology.
This was developed in
'50s, 50 years ago.
>>NOORY: Well, why
aren't we using it?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Because
they're afraid to--
>>NOORY: Something's
holding us back.
>>LAVIOLETTE: It's
the military view.
Technology should be licensed,
just like they license
driver's license and son.
And we can defend our
borders to such aerospace.
We've got radar if there's
any airplane coming in.
It could be controlled if
they're a little afraid
of it being misused.
But heck, we should use it.
>>NOORY: I think so too.
This is dramatic.
It's also exciting and real.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
And I know another fella.
He's reverse engineered
Schauberger's turbine,
incredible.
And the patent office is
sitting on this patent.
They won't issue the patent.
The patent office,
according to law,
is supposed to issue a patent
if it's a new idea, if nobody
else has done it, and it works.
>>NOORY: And they're
sitting there?
>>LAVIOLETTE: They are
coming up with a new law
which Congress did not pass.
It says it must obey
the laws of physics,
otherwise we don't
give you the patent.
That's not in law.
>>NOORY: Who made them god?
>>LAVIOLETTE: The laws
of physics are wrong.
What they're doing is they've
taken a corrupt theory
paradigm, and
they're restricting
the entire civilization with it.
It's like something
around their neck.
It's like we're going to
drown with physics in the end.
We've got big problems
in this world.
We've got to go to
newer technology.
If Trump wanted to do something
to improve the US's position,
he wouldn't put
up trade barriers.
He would get us on free energy.
We could be smelting
iron for 1/10
the cost they do it in China.
free energy.
Of course, China would
start doing it too later.
They'd catch on.
>>NOORY: Everybody
would be doing it.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But so what, right?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I know
people in metal recycling
that are actually
looking into this.
They would like to do this.
>>NOORY: We could colonize Mars
with this kind of technology.
>>LAVIOLETTE: And
Mars has water.
>>NOORY: How long would it take
to get to the moon from here?
Instead of three days--
>>LAVIOLETTE: We're
talking about few hours.
>>NOORY: A few hours.
Gosh.
I love the application
for travel.
It would make the Concord
look like an old bicycle
or something.
Paul, if you could wave that
wand again one more time, what
would you change right now?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I would
really come down hard
on the patent office, get
them to issue these patents.
I would get them to make it
a top priority, because it
should be.
If the patent is for
an energy purpose,
it's supposed to be given
an accelerated track
through the patent office.
Instead, they stop it entirely.
So they should be fair and
allow free energy machines
to be patented if they work.
If they're not sure, well,
have a demonstration.
See it.
>>NOORY: Are there companies
doing these things now
that we just don't know about?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah.
This fellow has backing
that I know about.
There's other companies.
There's a guy who developed
a car that runs on water.
The patent office is sitting
currently on his application.
>>NOORY: I had heard about that.
It runs on water.
And they've suppressed it.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yeah,
not Stanley Myers.
But Stanley Myers did that, and
they killed him, as you know.
>>NOORY: I'm concerned about
this apocalyptic event that
may or may not occur.
But if it does,
when would it be?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Well, based on
the Fatima prophecy and stuff
like this, if you
take those as hints,
you can sort of predict from
what was been said maybe
in the next few years.
There might be a miracle or
something we should expect.
I think ETs play into
this, because they're here
to shepherd us
through this event.
>>NOORY: You're a believer
in that, a physicist who's
a believer in that?
>>LAVIOLETTE: Yes.
They know we can't
handle a superwave.
And they're going to be here
for a recovery operation
if it gets too bad.
>>NOORY: Could they shield us?
>>LAVIOLETTE: I think they think
of it more as something that we
have to go through, because--
>>NOORY: Everybody else has.
>>LAVIOLETTE: What it does,
it reduces tremendously
the population.
And it sort of
resets civilization.
So it will allow
all these new things
to come out at that point.
>>NOORY: Well, what a
horrible moment for that.
>>LAVIOLETTE: Right.
It doesn't necessarily
have to be really bad.
It could be one of these
small superwaves, hopefully.
But if it's something
like the one it happened
41,000 years ago, it
killed off a whole race
of human beings,
the Neanderthals.
And it's in our myths.
They talk about it
in the Hopi myths.
>>NOORY: It is in the myths?
>>LAVIOLETTE: They talk about
the race of the wooden man
and the stone man or something.
There are various races that
got killed off by catastrophes,
and a new civilization emerged.
And then that was killed off.
So they may have been
referring, for example,
to the Neanderthals.
The Neanderthal
extinction is marked
in the Egyptian calendar.
The Egyptian list
of kings of Turin,
it goes back 41,000
before the present.
And that's when this occurred.
It was the biggest
superwave event
in the Ice Age period
since last 100,000 years,
well, the last 60,000 at least.
And they considered
it so important--
well, heck, if a whole
race of human beings--
I would consider
them human in a way.
They were a little
different from us.
But disappeared-- that's
important to mark down.
>>NOORY: Sure is Paul, thanks
for being on "Beyond Belief."
What amazing
technology, the ability
to have a propulsion
system that could get us
to Mars in five days, that
could get us from Los Angeles
to New York in a few
moments, I like it.
And maybe one day it'll happen.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]